Docker is a module that wull build two Docker images, a utilities archive, 
and optionally a model tree. Thewe are:

1) kb - the KnowlegeBase Docker image. This image will run a PostgreSQL server
   and a Parliament Triple-Store server. These servers store all the data
   processed by the adept-e2e tool and make it available to the kb-explorer
   tool for viewing.

2) a2kd - The data ingestion tool Docker image. This image runs a Spark/HADOOP
   client application that processes a document corpus and stores the result 
   in a specified Knowledgebase server instance.

3) a2kd-utilities - a tar archive containing the cofiguration file templates,
   documentation, scripts, executables and libraries necessary to start and 
   run both kb server instances and a2kd instances.

4) modeltree - this optional submodule will build a file directory tree 
   consisting of libraries, classes, and resources that can reside outside of
   the Spark/HADOOP file set. This collection of files is a minimum of 130GB
   in size, and having Spark/HADOOP distribute this collection as part of the
   application would have a severe impact on application performance. In order
   to avoid this, we separated this tree out so that it could be located in
   a file system shared by all HADOOP nodes or pre-copied to each node as
   desired.

   Because of it's size, we also made its build an optional part of this
   module, controlled by a profile specification or the definition of an
   environment variable. Normally, the modeltree submodule is skipped, and 
   not normally built. If, however, you specify the command:

   mvn install -PDoModelBuild

   or

   MODEL_BUILD=1 mvn install

   when building from this directory the modeltree submodule will be built.
   You should be forwarned, however, that building the modeltree submodule
   will add a requirement for 130GB of additional disk space at a minimum 
   to the build, and could require as much as 194GB additional disk space.
   With all the other submodules fully built, this module requires up to 
   204 GB of disk space.
